

  As you know about my name and educational detail. I would like to start from my personal skills. my personal skills are i 
am a team player, organised, punctual and diligent. 

comming to one by one first i want to talk about teamwork. I tend to be teamwork oriented and reliable. as i have never 
missed a dead line. I am also proud of my ablity to preserve and overcome any challenges as they come up for example in 
my privious company I was having  some trouble with quality isuue in seat functioning mechanism. I realized that i need 
to dedicate more time to solve that mechanism problem, so i met my manager and sr. engineer at the end of my working shift 
and disscuss with them about that problem and try to resolve that proble. Eventually i ended with good functioning of that 
seat mechnism.

also talking about my organised skill, in my privious company  i always try to organise meeting with my couliges shear my 
ppts and disscuss issues facing in sop anded new conclusion in the PPT and also conduct a shift ending meeting with 
appriciate that good persong doing well in that shift and informing the shedul.

my weeknesses are talk confidently in front of people and
and tring to overcome these weakness I try to talk confidently with couliges and friend.   
comming to my hoddie my hoddies are playing volleyball and sycling.
























good 

i am vishal maruti patil and i am from kolhapukr i did my engineering in dr.jjmcoe. i have 1 year expirience in Quality asuurance.
During this period i enjoy lot of adventurs and i am happy with that. i am looking forward to learining new skills. i decided to learn it skills 
, so i choose edac corse to learn it skills. moving on I would like to start from my personal skills. my personal skills are i 
am a good team player, an organised, punctual and diligent. 
 moving to the next  i want to talk about teamwork. I tend to be teamwork oriented and reliable. i have never 
missed a dead line. I am also proud of my ablity to preserve and overcome any challenges as they come up for example in 
my privious company I was having  some trouble with quality isuue in seat functioning mechanism. I realized that i need 
to dedicate more time to solve that mechanism problem, so i met my manager and sr. engineer at the end of my working shift 
and disscuss with them about that problem and try to resolve that problem. Eventually i ended with good functioning of that 
seat mechnism.
additionlly i always try to organise meeting with my couliges shear my opinions and disscuss issues whichever we were facing in sop and try to 
overcome the problems and also i conduct a shift ending meeting and we appriciate that good person did well in that shift.

moving on ty technical skills i hava good knwoledg in c,cpp, java. 
moving on my hoddy my hoddy is playing volleyball.








my weeknesses are talk confidently in front of people and
and tring to overcome these weakness I try to talk confidently with couliges and friend.   











